Buy cake mix. Buy cake mix Go to store and buy cake mix. buy cake mix Buy cake ingredients. Purchase the ingredients. Buy cake mix, milk, butter, eggs
Carefully follow instructions step by step.
Go to kitchen
get out your recipe Look up cake recipe Find a recipe Get cake instructions.
gather ingredients Get all ingredients Get a box of cake mix Get eggs, water and oil out of the pantry Get ingredients Get the cake ingredients Get ingredients. gather ingredients Get cake mix Gather ingredients Get cake mix Assemble ingredients Take out cake supplies Get cake mix Gather the cake ingredients
prepare the microwave oven and required utensils. next get out a big bowl get a pan Get a cake pan, mixing bowl and a whisk Get bowls Get bowl Get baking pan Get sauce pan
Preheat the oven to 180 degree C turn on oven turn on oven Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Turn the oven on to the appropriate temperature and let it preheat Set the oven to bake Set oven temp Turn on the oven and place the cake dough inside Preheat oven to degree amount needed. turn on oven Turn on oven. Preheat oven Preheat oven At home, preheat oven to 375. preheat oven as directed by cake mix Preheat oven Turn on oven Set oven temperature Preheat oven to temperature on box Preheat oven to 350 turn on oven
make the chocolate mixture Then make the chocolate batter Prepare your cake Follow directions on back of cake mix
Measure ingredients in designated measuring cups.
Once home, pour dry mix into bowl. Add eggs, oil, water. Open the box and pour the mix into the bowl Add the egg, water and oil to the mix Put eggs, milk, and cake mix into a mixing bowl Include any other necessary ingredients Add cake mix to bowl Add ingredients Empty contents of cake mix into a bowl. Add 3 eggs, 1 cup of water, and 1/4 cup of oil to cake mix. Add the rest of the ingredients. Fill bowl with ingredients Add cake mix
Mix well with vanilla with an electric beater mix cake mix, eggs and water in bowl mix frosting mix your ingredients Whisk it all together in the bowl until it is smooth Stir ingredients together Stir well Mix the cake ingredients Open all ingredients. Mix ingredients together. combine ingredients into a bowl Open up cake box. Mix cake mix, eggs, oil and water in bowl. Stir until well mixed. Mix cake and other ingredients Mix ingredients together Use fork to stir mixture rapidly until cake mixture is blended. mix cake mix in mixing bowl Mix together Mix them together Mix cake according to instructions Combine dry ingredients. Combine all ingredients. Beat eggs. Mix cake batter Mix the dry ingredients in a bowl Mix the wet ingredients in a bowl Mix the wet ingredients into the dry slowly Mix butter, milk, eggs into sauce pan Stir mix cake mix with eggs as called for by box
Grease and flour a cake pan. Grease cake pan. Take out cake pan and lightly grease inside of pan. Grease pan
pour into pan pour batter in pan Pour batter into pan. Pour the batter into the cake pan Pour resulting batter into a cake dish Pour mixed ingredients into baking pan. put batter into a pan Pour mix into cake pan. Put cake batter on pan Pour batter into baking dish Pour cake mixture into pan. pour cake mix into pan Pour into a baking pan Add them to a pan Put cake batter into pan Pour into cake pans. Fill cake pan with batter Pour the cake into a baking tin Put mixture into baking pan put mix in cake pan
put in oven and bake at specified temperature place in oven Place pan in oven. Put the pan in the oven Put dish in the oven Put in oven Place in the oven for set amount of time. put pan into oven Put cake pan into oven. Put cake in Put into oven Put dish in oven Place pan in oven and bake for 45 minutes. place pan with cake mix into oven for allotted time Put in oven at the designated temperature Put cake in oven. Put pan in oven Put pan into oven Place in oven Place the tin into the oven to bake
Set timer Set the timer on the oven according to directions on the box Set timer Set timer Set timer
Bake for about 40 min and test with a skewer Bake 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted comes out dry. Wait for the timer to go off Bake Bake the cake bake Wait for appropriate time Wait for cake to bake Bake for approx. 30 minutes Wait until cake is baked. Wait for 45 minutes Wait Bake in preheated oven. Bake for 1 hour bake for as long as box says
Use cake tester to check for doneness.
turn off oven Turn off oven. Turn oven off Turn oven off
remove cake from oven to cool Use pot holder to remove from oven. Use oven mitts to carefully remove the cake from the oven Take cake out of oven when it is done Pull out oven when ready When done, take out to cool. remove from oven Take cake out when done. Take cake out Take cake out Take cake out of oven Take pan out of oven and let cake cool down for 1 hour. remove from oven after allotted time Take out of oven Take cake out to cool. Take it out. Take cake out of oven Take cake out of oven. After ten minutes flip cake out onto cooling rack. Remove from oven Remove from oven take out and frost cake
Cool cake in pan on cooling rack. Let cool and cut slices Let cake cool Wait for cake to cool Let cool then frost Let cool Let cool Let the cake cool Let cake cool
carefully remove cake from pan Remove the tin
Add frosting, sprinkles for decoration frost cake Put any frosting or toppings on it Once cool, decorate it as you want to. After cake cools, put frosting on cake. Frost cake Put frosting on cake Frost cake and eat. apply frosting Ice cake Add frosting Frost the cake
Eat the cake. Taste cake
refrigerate any leftovers
serve cake Serve and enjoy! Serve and enjoy Serve the cake Serve
Cut cake
Open cabinet
Hear timer go off
Turn stove to low heat
