read book enjoy Read the book for the next 2 weeks
Find a local library. choose library
Find library card. Get out library card. find library card
Get the book stamped on the back page for return date Take note of return date. remember the date book is due back They tell you when it's due back Be told when the book is due back
Look for librarian
Go to the library Drive to library Park and walk inside Go to library Go to library Go to the library Go to the library go in Go into library Drive to library. Go to library Enter library Go to library Go to the library. Leave house Go to library Drive to the library. Go to library. Go to library. Walk into library Enter library Enter library Enter library Walk into library Walk to library. Get in the car Turn the car on Park car Go inside Drive to library
Apply for library card Get a library card Become a member go to desk and sign up for a card Ask to get a library card Go to the main desk. Sign up for a library card. Receive card. Get a library card
Ask the librarian or use the library's computer to find the availability of a book. Talk to library attendant
Walk to the correct area of the library.
Look for a book Refer the index for my required book Look for preferred book Peruse book shelves. Skim books Find a subject of interest Find the book you want on the shelves. Look up the book. Look through books on shelves. Search for any books that you'd like to borrow. Look through books Browse through books.
Select a book you want to borrow Pick out book Find the book you want Select a book' pick out book Select a book. Find a book to borrow Choose best book Pick a book. Remove the book from the shelf. Find a book Take the book from the shelf. Find book to check out. find a book you want to read Find book Find a book you want to read Select book Find desired book Browse the books and pick whatever interests you Make a selection. Find a book I want
Take the book to the librarian Bring book to front desk Bring book to librarian Take book to the librarian Get in line at check out desk Take the book to the clerk take it to the desk Take to front desk Go to check out desk. Bring book to librarian at desk Go to counter Take the book to the desk. Walk up to the circular desk. Wait in line. Go to the checkout line. Go to counter. take book to counter Go to counter Take book to counter Bring to librarian at desk Take book to the front desk Walk up to librarian.
Take the book with you Take book and library card Get book back take both back back and make note of due date take book from librarian They give you book, library card and a receipt Take book Take books from librarian Get the books.
Sign in using your membership card Give librarian library card Show librarian your library card Show librarian your library card Show library card Give the librarian your library card. Hand the librarian your library card. Scan library card at computer. Show library card. give card and book to librarian Give librarian the book and your library card Show library card Show the librarian your library card Give librarian my library card.
Librarian enter the book details Check out the book Give the librarian your book hand librarian book and library card He will make an entry in his ledger check out the book Check the book out with your library card Librarian will scan book and card with scanner. Check out book Let the librarian scan the book. Present the librarian with the book you'd like to borrow. Check out the book. Check out book Hand the librarian the book. Scan book to borrow. Check out books with librarian. Give the person book and library card Librarian stamps book Wait for barcode to be scanned Ask to borrow book Wait for librarian to approve. Check it out
Sign out the membership card
Leave the library Leave Go home take book home from library Exit the library Leave library with borrowed book Leave library with book. Leave with your book Leave library Go home and read the book. Leave. Go home Read book Take book and leave library. Take home and read. Leave library Leave Library Leave library Leave library with book Take the book home Walk home.
Return book to library when finished return book to library before due date Return by said date on receipt.
