check availability of domain find a good DNS do the registration create web page test the hompage publish hompage do the advertisement
Get web page builder account save images to hard drive upload page images to account write the content text place images on page add a web page visitor counter add a guest book save the page place in search engines
sit at the computer pull up webpage software write in content find outside content set up links to other content FTP creation to your website test your homepage edit as necessary
sign up for a host account sign in to account use host page set up add photos add text arange nicely save with set up system view
Sign up at hosting service. Use host's site builder. If no builder, use software. Follow builder steps or: Create Site Name. Create intro article. Add background. Add picture if you have one. Add navigation menu. Publish to web. May have to use FTP. Can tell others about page.
select web address select short name choose design layout find template create home page upload images Add images change text preview the homepage save the homepage
write content write html code design css style sheet find a server purchase domain tie domain to server post content
register a domain buy a web hosting package write html for index page configure server ftp image files upload html
I get a nice background I code the layout Add the navigation Add any images or Create images then add
learn how to use dreamweaver find a theme of the page find a free web hosting site open dreamweaver add some text to the homepage add pictures to the homepage save the homepage upload the homepage
navigate to desired homepage click on tools menu click on internet options click use current click ok
Decide what the page is about Brainstorm layout and content idea Write the HTML coding Obtain a web server Obtain a web address Upload html pages to server
create a website get a free web designer upload your own graphics make changes and updates e-mail for all in the business
