Choose the flight
Go through customs
Walk in the airport
Obtain ticket. Buy your ticket. Buy a ticket Buy ticket. Obtain tickets for flight buy ticket Buy a ticket. Order ticket online Walk to ticket counter Purchase ticket Purchase ticket. Purchase plane ticket purchase ticket Get ticket from the counter.
Pack your clothes. Pack bags Get packed Pack a bag.
Grab keys Go to car
Go to airport. Drive to airport. Go to airport Drive to airport. Enter airport. Drive to airport Go to airport arrive at airport Go to airport Drive to the airport. Drive to airport Enter airport Go to airport Drive to airport Enter airport Drive to airport Arrive at airport. Go to airport. Drive to airport Arrive at airport drive to airport Go to the airport Go to the airport.
Find parking spot. Park Park the car. Park at airport
Get luggage out of car
Walk to luggage check in
Meet with airline worker Give ticket
Check your bag. Check luggage in Check in luggage Check luggage Check in bags. Check in bags check bag
Check in at airline counter. Check into your flight. Check in Check in check in Check-in and leave luggage Check in
Get boarding pass
Go through security checkpoint. Go through security Go through security. pass security Go through security Go through security. Take out all items from pockets Take shoes off Go into scanner Put shoes back on Put items back in pockets Get in security line Enter inspection area Walk through metal detector Enter security line Put luggage and personal belongings on the conveyor belt. Take off shoes and jacket and put them on the conveyor belt. Walk through x-ray machine. Retrieve luggage, shoes, and jacket from conveyor belt. go through security Pass security checks. Walk through security Go through security go through security Go through security Go to security.
Find your gate Proceed to gate Walk to correct gate find gate Go to terminal. go to gate Go to my gate Walk to gate.
Wait for plane Wait in waiting area Wait to board wait for flight to board Sit and wait to board plane Wait in line Wait for boarding time.
Turn ticket in to airport personnel Show ticket to clerk.
Get in line
Board plane. Board plane. Board plane Board plane. Board plane Board plane Enter airplane board flight Board and take-off Get inside airplane. Board the plane. Go onto plane Board the airplane before its scheduled departure Enter airplane Walk to plane board airplane board plane Go onto plane when allowed. Board plane. Walk in and find seat number Step onto plane board plane Board the plane Board the plane. board plane
Sit in assigned seat. Find your seat Sit down Sit Find seat Sit down find seat Look for your seat. Sit down. Find seat Sit down Sit in your seat and buckle the seatbelt Find correct seat Sit in seat locate seat sit down sit in your seat Find seat and sit down. Sit in seat Find a seat Find assigned seat and sit down.
Put bag in overhead bin Put carry on luggage in overhead bin Place baggages in above compartment. Place backpacks under chair. Stow your luggage place carry-on luggage in overhead storage Place luggage above seats
Apply seat belt. Put seatbelt on Buckle seatbelt put on seat belt Put seat belt on. Fasten seatbelt Buckle seat belt. safety belt
Listen to instructions.
Wait for plane to start. Turn off electronics. Wait for airplane to ascend. wait for plane to take off and land Wait for it to take off try to relax for take off
fly off Take off. take off
Fly in plane. Wait to arrive at destination Relax while plane is in flight Enjoy flight Fly to destination Take a nap. Fly to destination Patiently wait for the plane to arrive at its destination sleep through flight Chew gum. Fly in plane. nap. Fly to destination Enjoy the plane ride fly to destination Fly Enjoy the flight. once leveled off listen to some music or keep mind busy for the duration
arrive destination land Arrive at destination buckle up heading into landing
Remove seat belt upon landing. When landed, remove seatbelt Unbuckle seatbelt remove belt after take off
Retrieve bag Collect carry on luggage
get off of plane. Get up Leave plane Leave airplane Leave plane at destination Disembark from the plane. exit plane exit plane Leave plane when arrived at destination. Get off plane de-board plane Exit the plane. exit plane after successful land
Collect luggage. Get luggage Find baggage claim get bag
Leave airport Leave airport leave airport
