Choose a style that you like. Find a picture of your desired haircut in a magazine Pick a hair style from the book. Find a style you like getting a hair style
Tear out of magazine
allow her to work her magic
Wash my hair
Get dressed
Get keys and wallet
Choose a salon or barber, as appropriate. choose where you want to get a hair cut
going to get your hair cut
call beauty shop to make appt. make an appointment Call the hair salon. Make an appointment with the stylist. make appointment at hair salon Make appointment at hair salon. Make an appointment. Make appointment for haircut Make appointment at salon
Wait for appointment
Go to car
Get in car Get in and start it Get in car
go to beauty shop go to hair dresser Drive to hair salon Drive to the hair salon. go to hair salon go to the barber Drive to salon and check in with receptionist. Drive to beauty shop Drive to the hair salon. Drive to the salon. Drive to barber shop Go to hair salon Go to hair cut Go to salon arrive salon Drive to hair salon Go to the barber shop Go to a hair salon Drive to beauty salon going to the hairdresser going to the barber go to the saloon
Park
Go in Enter barber shop Enter barber shop
Ask hair stylist for a hair cut give name and check in sign in sign in with clerk Sign in at beauty salon desk
Sit in chair
Wait for hair cut wait until you are called Wait for your name to be called Wait in line. Wait for stylist Wait your turn Wait to be seated Wait and read magazines Wait for empty seat Wait for my turn
Relax
Show the stylist what you would like. show beautician your pic tell hair dresser the style you want describe how you want hair to be cut to hair dresser tell them how you'd like your hair cut Discuss desired cut with your stylist. Tell the hair stylist what i want. Tell the stylist what haircut I want. Show stylist what I want Tell stylist what haircut you want Describe what hair style you would like Tell barber which hairstyle Tell barber what you want Show the stylist the cut you like. Tell barber how to cut hair tell him what cut you want
Sit still in the chair and let the stylist cut your hair. sit in chair sit in the barber's chair Sit down on the salon chair. Sit in the hair cutting chair. Sit in stylist's chair Sit in chair Sit in chair sit in a chair Sit in salon chair and be still Sit down in barber chair. Take seat on chair When called sit in the barber's chair Sit down and let them cut Sit in barber chair Sit in barber chair sit in the chair
Wait until the stylist is finished.
Do what the barber tells you
make small talk with the barber Make small talk with stylist Converse with stylist as necessary Talk awkwardly during haircut talk to the hairstylist
The barber wraps the little collar around your neck.
let hairdresser put cape on you Get bib put on get cape on The barber wraps a cape around you.
Get the hair washed by stylist. Get hair washed by stylist. Get hair washed Let stylist wash your hair
have the hair dresser cut your hair Cut the hair. let hairdresser cut hair wait patiently whilst they cut your hair Sit still in chair while stylist cuts hair. Sit while she cuts your hair Have her cut my hair. Get hair cut Have hair cut by person who cuts hair Watch stylist cut your hair get hair cut The barber cuts hair. Enjoy hair cut getting a trim getting a cut get the haircut done
The barber buzzes the back of the neck.
Blow the hair with a hair drier. Wait while stylist dries and styles your hair. Get hair blow dried Watch stylist dry your hair
check the haircut in mirror Look at haircut Inspect haircut when shown Look in the mirror and tell barber if he has cut enough Look in the mirror to see if you like it. check in the mirror once done
Tell the stylist if you are pleased or if he or she missed any spots. oooh and ahhhh when she shows you the final result approve or ask for changes once they are finished, review their work Tell stylist I like my hair
The barber takes the cape off.
get up Get up off chair
Let the stylist brush any stray hair off your neck and shoulders. The barber brushes off stray hairs. Brush off stray hairs
Go to clerk's chair
Pay for your haircut. pay and tip generously and leave shop pay the hair dresser Pay the stylist. pay for haircut pay the barber Pay for hair cut at front desk. Pay and tip the clerk when finished Pay for my hair cut. Pay for haircut Pay and tip hair stylist when done Pay for haircut pay for cut When finished, pay for services You pay for the hair cut. Pay for service Pay the barber Pay the stylist Pay barber pay the hair stylist
Smile and say thank you
Tip the stylist. give a tip tip hairdresser Leave tip for stylist. Tip stylist Tip barber Tip the stylist
Leave the hair salon. leave salon Go home. Drive home. Leave salon leave Leave hair salon Exit barber shop Leave barber shop Leave the salon. Leave barber shop Drive home
Get back in car
