Plan menu for week. Write a list of meals for the week look through recipes
Make a grocery list. make a list Make a list of what you need. Create list of things to buy review what you have at home and make a list of what you need Make grocery list based off of menu. Make a list. Make a grocery list of items to buy Inventory your cupboards Make a list of what you need. Make a grocery list Make a list. Make grocery list Make a list of groceries needed make grocery list make grocery list make a list of needed items
Clip any relevant coupons. check for coupons
Get dressed.
Bring reusable grocery bags.
Get in car Get in car and drive to grocery store. Get in my car Get in car. Get in the car Get in car Get into car Get in the car. Get in car Get in your car Get in car get in car get in car
Turn the car on
drive to grocery store Drive or walk to the store. Drive to nearest grocery store go to the store Drive to store. Go to the store Go to the store. Drive to nearest grocery store. Drive to the grocery store. Drive to store Drive to grocery store Go to the store Go to the grocery store Drive to store and park. Drive to grocery store Drive to store Drive to grocery store of choice drive to grocery store drive to the grocery store drive to store
Park car Get out of car and go into grocery store. Park Find parking spot Park car Park the car Park car
Get list
Enter grocery store enter grocery store Go inside Enter store. Walk in to the store. Go into store and locate items to buy Enter store Go inside and pick up items. Go into grocery store Walk into store Enter store Walk in store enter the store go into grocery store go in store
grab a cart Get a basket if needed. Get grocery cart Grab a shopping cart Get a shopping cart from the front store. take a shopping cart Grab cart Get grocery cart. Get a cart. Get a cart Get a shopping cart. Get shopping cart Get a shopping cart Get a cart Grab a grocery cart get a cart grab a cart grab shopping cart
Start at the non cold side of the store. Walk through store and place items you want into cart Go down each aisle and put the groceries you would like to purchase in your cart. walk through the aisles of the store, add items to your cart Push cart around store, getting items from list. Browse the store. Go down aisles and retrieve items. Go aisle by aisle putting the items I want in the cart. Find what aisles you need to go to Proceed through the store picking up needed items walk through aisles stroll through store and get needed items
Get the boxed, bagged, jarred food from your list. Get the cold, frozen and produce. consult list and find products put products in your cart Select the items on your list, trying to stay on the perimeter of the store. Find groceries Pick up refridgerated and frozen items last. Find groceries Put them in the cart Gather items from shelves. Put items I need in cart. Find items on list Get what you need from the aisles Find items from list Put items from list into cart Put them in the cart. Find the food you need and put in cart Add groceries from list to cart Put food in cart pick up everything from list and put into your cart get fruits and veggies on list get meat that is on list go through the rest of the store getting everything on list see a nice cake put it in cart
Try not to purchase things not on list.
check your list at each aisle to ensure you haven't missed anything
Check out Go through a check out line
go to checkout Take your items to the checkout counter. Take cart to cash register Go to cash register When you are finished picking out what you want to purchase, go to the check out line. take the full cart to the checkout lane Bring items to cashier at front of store. Go to checkout line. Go up to the cashier. Go to check out stand and pay for items Proceed to checkout Take your purchase to the front Take cart to checkout line Go to the checkout and pay. After finding everything you need, go to cashier Get in checkout line Go to check out line in front of store go to cashier go to check out
wait your turn Line up to pay. Wait in line wait in line at checkout
remove items from cart Place items onto conveyor belt Put all of your groceries on the belt for the cashier to ring up and bag. load items from the cart onto the checkout lane's belt Put items on belt. Place items on conveyer belt Put groceries on conveyor belt put groceries on belt
Let the cashier ring up your items. Cashier rings up items Wait for the cashier to ring the order up. watch prices as the checker scans.
Cashier gives you total Wait for total
Pay and check out. pay cashier Pay for your groceries. Pay for items with cash or credit Pay for items Pay for your groceries. once all items are bagged, pay the cashier Pay for your items. Pay for them at the register. Pay for my groceries. Pay for groceries. Pay for the groceries. Pay the cashier Pay for groceries Pay for grocery Pay for groceries Pay for groceries pay the cashier pay for groceries pay for items at check out
If necessary, bag your items. Bagger places items into bags bag the groceries put groceries in a bag
Get receipt
pick up bags
Place bags of groceries into cart as the cashier bags items, place them back into your cart Put the bagged items in the cart.
Put bags in car and go home. take bags to car Take cart to car Take bags out of cart and place into car Take your groceries to your car and place them in the car. Put items into car and drive home. Put bags in car Walk out to the car. Put the items in the car. put bought items in car Go back to car Load groceries in trunk Go back to the car. Put the bags in the car. Unload grocery into your car Push cart back to car Put groceries in trunk Push cart to your car Put groceries in your trunk take bags to your car walk out of store put groceries in car. take groceries to car
Place cart into cart corral Return cart to store
Get in car
Leave the store. Leave grocery store Drive home. take items home in bags Go home Take groceries home. Drive home. Drive home. Drive home Drive back home Go home Leave grocery store Drive home. Drive home Drive home drive items home
put items away Put items away at home. Put the groceries away. take grocery items into house put groceries away Put groceries away Take the purchases in the house. Put the purchases away. Bring groceries in the house Put groceries away Put groceries away put items away
enjoy items
