First you have to plan where you want to go. Find the nearest train station Plan your train trip.
You have to pack your bags and go to train station. Packing/Gathering luggage. Pack clothes. Get a snack for the train ride. Pack bags
get dress and go to train station
Next, you check in and wait to board your plane.
Look at all the times and pick a destination Check train schedule CHECK TRAIN TIME
Go to station drive to train station arrive train station Enter the train station Driving to the train station. Drive to station Walk into station Go to train station. get to train stop Drive to train station Go to train station. Go to station Go to train station go to train station Go to the train station GET TO STATION go to train station Go to the train station Arrive at the station. Go to the station.
Park at station
go to ticket window Go to ticket office
Buy a ticket at the window buy ticket Get tickets from ticket counter tell the clerk where you want to travel to pay the clerk for ticket Then, you have to buy your ticket. Then, you have to buy your ticket. Gathering ticket and required identification. Purchase train tickets Pay for the ticket at the ticket counter Buy ticket. buy pass Obtain train ticket Purchase train ticket. Purchase ticket Buy ticket to train. Purchase ticket Purchase ticket purchase tickets Buy a ticket PURCHASE TICKET buy ticket Purchase ticket. Purchase your train ticket.
find out what platform the train will be on Find the correct platform.
walk to the train platform Walk to correct platform Go to platform
Wait on platform for train wait for train wait for train wait until time to board train wait for boarding time for train Wait for train Wait for train wait at train stop wait for train Wait for my train WAIT FOR TRAIN TO ARRIVE wait for train sit or stand and wait for your train Wait on platform. Wait for your train to arrive.
step up to train Wait in line.
Get on train board train enter train get on train. get on the train and enjoy You board your train and find your seat. Board the train. Enter train Board the train Board train. get on train Get on train Board train. Get on the correct train Board train. When train arrives, get on train board correct train Get on train board train Get on my train BOARD TRAIN get on train when the train comes , get up and enter the train Board train. Enter the appropriate train car.
Place luggage down
Find a seat find a seat sit down find seat Find correct seat Sit in seat Sit down and ride. find seat Find a seat Find seat Sit and relax Find a seat. Find a seat Sit down and enjoy the ride Find a seat. Find a seat find a seat or stand FIND SEAT SIT DOWN sit sit down Find your seat or compartment.
Give ticket to conductor give conductor ticket hand your ticket to the conductor Giving ticket to conductor/ticket taker. Show receptionist train ticket Give ticket to conductor. Give ticket to the attendant Give ticket to conductor. wait for attendant to walk by and pay for your ticket
Ride and enjoy the countryside enjoy ride You ride the train to your destination. If you're going on a long trip, you may receive a meal. Relax while you reach your destination. Enjoy train ride Enjoy the ride on the train ride to your stop Wait until you reach your destination. Enjoy train ride. Wait until your station listen to music or read etc while riding look at window if you haven't seen the surroundings Look out window Order meal Eat ride train Go to my destination wait until train reaches destination enjoy train ride Enjoy the journey. Enjoy the train trip.
Arrive arrive at destination You arrive to your destination, and take your luggage. Arrive at destination Get to destination arrive at destination
Leave train exit train get off train Get off train Get off at correct destination Leave train at destination. Get off train exit train at correct stop Leave train disembark train get off train get off at destination
Leave station
Then, you enjoy your destination.
repeat for return trip if needed
