drive to salon check in at front of salon wait for stylist sit in stylist seat choose haircut wanted get hair washed stylist begins to cut hair engage in conversation with stylist stylist finishes cutting hair stylist blow-drys hair stylist asks if you like give your final comments pay for haircut leave stylist tip leave
enter salon speak with receptionist hair wet shampoo application head massage rinse conditioner application rinse go to salon chair speak with stylist stylist cuts length of hair stylist blow-drys hair
walk in may wait sit down in chair tell stylist what you want done sit still while stylist cuts check hair in mirror stand up pay at counter leave
walk in barber shop put name on list wait to be called greet stylist tell stylist what I want have my hair clipped on sides have top hair clipped have sideburns and neck shaved have my hair shampooed have hair blow-dried have hair styled review hair cut in mirror pay barber shop tip stylist leave barber shop go home
you pay barber choose the style sit in barber chair talk with barber look in mirror
try to avoid going realise i need to go get money sort out a lift there walk up the stairs walk into hairdressers say hey to whoever is working sit down wait for turn to come read newspaper put newspaper down become impatient realise its nearly my turn get ready to get up get up sit down in chair
Find a location Call for an appointment Show up for appointment Discuss styles Get hair washed Comb hair Agree to length to be cut Sit back and relax Listen to movement commands Style with products Blowdry Look at front and back of head Comment on the haircut Set up next appointment Pay for haircut Thank them and leave
Call a hair salon make an appointement Go tho the hair salon Sit to wait for my turn Read magazines Say hi to the coiffeur Sit in a chair Go tho the hair salon have my hair cut
check in with receptionist wait in waiting room meet hairstyle discuss haircut with stylist hair is washed hair is cut hair is dried examine new haircut comment on haircut thank stylist pay for haircut leave tip
walk into store register at front desk sit down be called to seat get hair washed explain what you want done get your hair cut pay for the haircut make next appointment leave store
Go to the barber wait for my turn select the appropriate style instruct the barber pay the barber if the haircut is good pay tip
the hair is washed hair is brushed hair is cut hair is blown dry hair is styled payment is made
make an appointment go to hair salon get my hair cut look it over in the mirror tell the hairdresser if it is ok make a payment
go to hair salon check in at desk wait to be called go with stylist to chair let stylist put on a cape remove glasses tell stylist what you want let stylist work look in mirror request adjustments let stylist brush you off pay cashier give stylist a tip
get money go to salon check in get hair washed get hair trimmed get hair dried pay go home
find a hairdresser get hair washed tell hairdresser what you want hairdresser cuts your hair hairdresser dries hair pay hairdresser
greet hair stylist consult about haircut wash hair receive haircut blow dry hair style hair pay for hair cut make next appointment
greet stylist explain style that you want cape is placed on shoulders walk to shampoo sink stylist shampoos hair stylist towel dries hair walk back to stylists chair stylist will cut hair razor or scissors are used stylists turns chair as neccessary stylist completes haircut stylist shows hair in mirror if requested hair is blown dry styling product is applied haircut is complete pay stylist for haircut
enter salon get shampoo be seated and draped discuss cut obtain cut style review cut in mirror pay
Enter salon wait make smalltalk with barber describe desired hairstyle wait pay leave
Check in at counter. Wait for available chair. Get called to back. Sometimes will offer shampoo. Sit in barber chair. Asked how hair is to be cut. Cape is put on. Chair is adjusted for cut. Any extra tools are used. Hair gets cut. Person cutting hair may talk. You are asked how it looks. Cape is removed. Hair swept up. Pay for haircut. Leave.
tell receptionist you arrived sit down and wait hairdresser calls you sit in chair get apron put on you tell hairdresser what you want get hair washed get hair cut get hair dried
look up hairdresser go to hair dresser wait for dresser sit down in barber's chair robe is put on hair is cut robe taken off get up pay for haircut
