Go to nursery go to store
choose tree and spot to plant
Buy the tree Get tree seeds. Buy tree sapling Get the tree and take it out into the yard. acquire sapling Purchase a tree Get tree Acquire sapling Buy seeds get seeds Buy seeds Purchase seeds. Get tree and shovel Buy tree seed get tree seed buy sapling Buy a tree. Buy or get a seed.
Take tree sapling to place you want to plant it Go to garden go home
Select a site to plant the tree Find place in ground with enough space for tree. Choose a spot to plant the tree. determine where to plant it Find a suitable area Selecting the site to plant tree Go outside to find spot for tree. Find place for tree select location Pick a spot in the yard for the tree.
Measure depth of required hole
Get a shovel Get a shovel Get a water hose Grab shovel Get a shovel and dig a hole where you want to plant the tree. Find shovel Get shovel and watering can get shovel Get shovel and water ready. Get shovel get shovel Find the shovel. Get the hose.
Dig a hole three times the save as the root ball dig hole big enough for tree to grow Dig a hole in the ground. Dig hole in the ground. Dig a hole dig hole in ground dig a small hole, keep the displaced dirt accessible Dig a hole where you want the tree planted Use shovel to dig hole Dig hole Dig hole Dig hole Dig hole for tree dig a hole Dig a hole into the ground dig hole at least 5 inches bigger then the root ball of tree start digging Dig hole for tree with shovel. Dig an appropriate sized hole for the tree Dig small hole in dirt Dig hole dig a hole dig hole Dig a hole in the yard.
Score roots to ensure good root growth
Hold the tree upright while filling the hole back up
Take tree out of container Take the tree out of its container.
Place the tree at the top of the hole place tree in hole Plant seed in ground. Put tree seedling into hole. Put sapling in hole Put tree into hole in ground Place the roots of the tree into the hole you have dug. place sapling in hole, roots down Put in the ground Place sapling into the hole Put tree roots into hole Place sapling in hole Put seed in hole Place tree in hole insert some seeds Place seed into hole put tree in hole Place seeds in hole. Place the tree in the hole Place seed in hole Place tree in hole place seed in hole put sapling in hole Put it in the hole. Plant tree seed about 4 inches in the dirt.
Fill in dirt around the tree gently replace the dirt Fill hole up with soil that you used to dig the hole. Fill hole with dirt and fertilizer. Fill in the hole with the shovel Add shoveled dirt back into hole Cover the roots with surrounding dirt. replace displaced dirt Cover the tree with the dirt you took out of the hole Refill hole with remaining dirt Put loose dirt around roots Fill hole so that only top of tree is above ground Add additional dirt if necessary Fill hole with dirt Cover hole Cover hole with soil cover up hole Cover hole back up cover back up with dirt Cover seeds over with soil. Cover hole Fill hole with dirt cover hole with dirt cover sapling with dirt Cover the roots with dirt.
pack dirt around tree Pat gently to secure sapling Tamp down dirt
Make sure tree is standing straight and secure
Put tools away Put away shovel and watering can
Water the tree water the tree Water it. Water tree daily. Turn water on Water tree Water tree Water the tree. add water Put some water in the hole Water again Add small amount of water to base of tree Water tree daily and wait to grow Fill watering can Water sapling Water the seed Put a small amount of water in hole water the soil Take some water Water the seed everyday put water and fertilizer in hole Water soil. Water the tree Water seed every day Water tree water and care for tree water new sapling Water the tree. Water the area daily.
Place a stabilizing stick if need
wait for the tree to grow Wait and watch as it blossoms. Wait for tree to grow
Go outside Go outside
Make sure it gets sunlight
As the tree grows, remove any weeds that may grow from the area.
