Get air pump Get air pump. getting an air pump Buy a tire repair kit from store. purchase tire repair kit Find a pump. go to the store to buy a repair kit Get flat fixing compound Locate an air pump Locate tire patches Buy bike tire sealer Take one adhesive puncture patch
locate bike
turn bike upside down lay bike on side Stand the bike somewhere. turn bicycle upside down Stand the bicycle up Lay the bicycle on ground
remove screws so you can remove the entire tire and rim. Open the valve tube nut
release brakes from bike
Throw away the old tire.
Remove the tire from your bike Take tire off wheel Remove tire from bike remove tube from tire Remove tire from wheel rim Remove inner tube remove tire from bike Take old tire off. Remove tire from bike frame. remove tire take tire off remove tire use screwdriver to pry off old tire Take the tire off the bike Pull the tire off the wheel remove old tire Remove tire and rim from bicycle Remove tire from rim You take tire off bike. You take out tube. Open the tire from rim Take out the tube from tire
Re-inflate the tire. Inflate tire Place hose end into the tire Fasten the hose Pump air into tire Unfasten the hose Pump up tire Inflate the new tire. Attach pump to tire Start pumping air into tire turn the air pump on refill the tire turn off air pump Air up tire using a air pump. attach pump to air valve pump tire inflate tube inflate tube pump full of air air up tire Attach air pump to tire. Pump air. put air in the tire. pump up tire with air Air up tire Add air to the tire. You air up tire. Connect the pump to the tire Pump the tire back up Remove the pump Refill tire with air Fill air in the flat tire Fill the air
Pump inner tube with air to locate puncture Locate where the hole is in bike tire. put tube in water to find leak inspect for leaks find hole in tire LOCATE THE PUNCTURE ON THE TIRE determine what caused the flat Locate leak on tire Find the source of the air leaking from the tire. You put tube in water to find the hole. Find the hole Find hole in bicycle tire Immerse one portion of the tube in water Watch out for air bubbles to locate the punctured area Change the portion of the tube immersed in water by rotating the tube till finding the punctured area
dry tube Clean the punctured area
Deflate any remaining air
purchase new bike tube from store get replacement tire tube Get new tire. get a new tube
Mark the punctured area
Patch up any holes in the tire with a tire patching adhesive Put tire patch on leak Apply glue around puncture Apply patch to puncture patch damaged area from tire Follow directions and plug the hole. repair tube use patch to repair tire from the inside Patch the innertube USING A TIRE REPAIR KIT, COVER THE HOLE use the repair kit to fix the tire Apply flat fixing compound to tire Apply a patch over the hole that is causing air to leak. You put glue on hole. Then put a patch on glue. Place patch over the hole Use bike tire sealer on hole Open the protective sticker and paste it to close the puncture Press gently
Place the tire back on your bike Put tire back on wheel Put wheel back on bike fit tube into tire attach tire back on to the bike Replace inner tube Replace tire put tire back on bike Put new tire on bicycle. re-attach tire put tube back on wheel put tire back on put wheel back on bike place new tube inside tube replace tire replace tire on rim replace tire and rim onto bicycle Put the innertube back inside the tire Put the tire back on the wheel Put it back on the bike WHEN SATISFIED, PUT TIRE BACK ON BIKE place new rubber tire put outer portion of tire back on tire rim Place tire on rim You put tube back in tire. Put tire back on bike. Put the tube back to the tire Fit the tire in rim
Unscrew cap on tire take the cap off the tire
Screw cap back on tire replace the cap Seal tire and ride away.
Store pump Put the pump back Put extra patches back
Push on tire with thumb and feel pressure Check for any remaining leaks. check psi with gauge WHEN COVERED, CHECK THAT NO AIR ESCAPES double check to make sure the tire is repaired properly inspect the tire to make sure it doesn't leak Ensure that tire holds air Test the fix but riding a short distance. Test bike to make sure it holds
Ride bike ride bike ride bike USE BIKE AS NORMAL ride bicycle Ride away.
Locate spot to insert air into tire find air valve
Notice flat tire
Take wheel off bike take wheel off
Wait for it to dry Allow to dry wait for patch to dry Wait until the glued patch is dry. You wait for it to dry.
