choose the route you want to take
Check to bus schedule to see when the bus is running. Find bus schedule information Look at bus schedule. Decide what time you need to arrive at bus stop. Check bus schedule check the schedule
go to the nearest bus stop Go to bus stop. Arrive at bus stop prior to bus's arrival. Walk to the bus stop. Go to the bus station Go to bus station find the bus stop Go to bus stop find the nearest bus stop Get to bus stop early and wait for bus. Walk to the bus stop Walk to the bus stop walk to bus stop go to bus stop Walk to bus stop Go to bus stop go to the bus stop Head to the bus stop
wait for the bus Wait at bus stop Wait at bus stop Wait for bus to arrive. Wait for bus at bus stop Wait for bus wait for the bus Wait at bus stop Wait for bus to arrive wait there for the bus to arrive Wait for the bus wait at bus stop Wait for the bus wait for bus to arrive wait for bus Wait for bus Wait for bus Wait at your bus stop wait Wait on the bench until the bus arrives
Make sure that you have your bus fair ready. make sure you have exact change for fare have your ticket or change ready prepare the fare
Bus arrives Bus arrives
When bus comes wait for doors to open
when it arrives get on When bus arrives, step on board. Go through doors and up the steps Get on bus Board bus. Get onto the bus when it reaches the stop. Board the bus Get on bus Enter bus board bus Get on bus Get on bus Walk up the steps of the bus Get on the bus get on bus get in bus Get on bus Get on bus Enter bus. Board the bus when it arrives get on the bus When the bus comes enter the bus
tell the driver where you are going
pay the driver Drop change into money machine. Pay the toll Retrieve ticket from machine Pay the fare. Pay for fare Give money Buy bus ticket give your fare to the bus driver receive ticket Pay bus fare Pay fee while boarding, pay the driver the required fee or show a pass Pay fare when boarding bus. Pay the fare Buy bus pass on buss pay bus fare Pay fare Place change in receptor. Pay the fare to ride the bus pay the fare Pay the bus driver
sit down Find empty seat to sit in. Walk down center of bus to find a seat Sit in seat Find a seat Find a seat if available or stand if necessary. Find a vacant seat (if possible). Take a seat in the bus Sit or stand to location Find a seat choose a seat Sit down and wait for your desired stop. Find a seat Sit down Find a empty seat Sit down find a seat or stand sit in bus Find a seat Find a seat. Sit down. sit down Find a seat on the bus
When your stop approaches, pull cord. Press stop button alert the driver your stop is coming Ring the bell when you see your destination signal for a stop where i want to get off Pull the cord alerting the driver to stop
Wait for bus stop destination Wait for your stop. Ride on the bus Wait for stop Wait for correct stop Bus leaves Wait to get to destination sit patiently until the bus reaches your destination bus stop Wait for your stop wait till my stop is approaching Ride to desired destination Wait for destination Wait for your stop. Sit in a seat until you see your destination wait for my stop
Watch stops out window. pay attention for your stop
Stand, exit bus. stand up and depart the bus When your stop comes get up and exit the bus
Bus stops at your destination arrive destination
thank the driver, possibly tip
exit bus when arrive Once you arrive at destination, get off the bus Get off bus Get off bus when doors open. Exit the bus at your desired location. Get off bus Leave bus get off at stop. Get off bus Get off bus Exit bus at your destination. Get off the bus Get off the bus get off Get off bus Get off bus Exit bus. Exit at your destination when the bus stops
Get dressed Get dressed
Grab purse, jacket, and other items needed for the day. Get my wallet
Go outside
