put image in machine put lid down tell machine how many copies press copy button get copies
lift lid observe paper guidelines match paper to guidelines close lid select number of copies select single or double sided select color select size reduction, if any hold down lid press start wait for copies remove copies from tray
find something to copy decide how many i need put it in the machine press buttons wait for it to copy collect copies
open top of machine look at markings on glass place original face down align original to marks decide what size you want choose light dark settings enter number of copies wanted put paper into paper tray press copy button wait for machine to work pick up copy from tray take out original
Take papers to machine pay (if at store) put one paper in machine press start one copy is made continue till you have enough repeat for each paper flip over and copy if needed
bring paper to copied lay page on machine's glass select copying options type in number of copies press start repeat with subsequent pages retrieve original retrieve printed copies
locate copier open copier top place item on glass face down press start button on copier wait for item to be copied retrieve copy
Open copy machine lid. Put item in proper area. Close lid. Find buttons and menu. Adjust copy type for item. Use keys to input copy number. Select color or black white. Press start button. Light flashes. Machine copies document. Copies come out of slot. Remove item from machine. Take copies with you.
open lid put document on glass close lid enter number of copies press green button open lid grab original document
place item on glass select number of copies select darkness level ensure paper is in tray press start take paper from tray check for good copy
load originals in hopper select copy format select number of copies push start button follow instructions for jams remove copies and originals
open copier lid place original face down close lid select size select exposure select number of copies press start button wait while machine works take copy from tray open lid remove original close lid
Lift the copier Place image face down Move to the upper left corner Close the copier Press the start button Collect the copied image Remove the original copy
open up the copy machine center the item to copy close the copy machine select how many copies press start botton wait for the copies
I put my copy in the class top I shut the lid I press the copy button once if it looks good I enter # if not good I adjust my copy I enter number of copies Press the copy button Gather my copies Take original from the top
Keep ready documents to Copy. Either it will be Color or black an white Decide How many copies. Make sure what size should be. Fix the Print Dark or Light. Check tray has enough papers. Arrange the Documents to copy. Insert the Document. Hit the start Butten. When the first copy comes out Confirm the copy is fine. Start copy the documents. One by one when its done. Safe the original documents. Arrange the Copys Safely. Coping work done perfectly.
find a copy machine place the document face down adjust the settings make a test copy check if the test copy is ok select the number of copies press the copy button switch pages when needed check all the copies
put blank paper on machine scan the original document resize if neccessary state numper of copies push the print button
Get papers requiring copies Go to the copy machine Switch the copy machine on Enter the number of copies Enter the size of paper Put the papers in the feeder Press start Remove your copies Remove your original papers
get original turn on copy machine lift lid on machine put original face down close lid of copy machine select number of copies needed press the copy button collect copies retrieve original
