take your seat conductor checks ticket look out window listen to music get off at your destination
Go to the train station Buy a ticket Walk to the platform Wait for the train to come Get on the train
drive to the train station walk into the station go to counter buy ticket sit until your train comes take bags to train board train find seat give ticket to conductor listen for destination get luggage disembark train
buy a train ticket board train choose a seat ride to the destination retreive lugage leave train
buy my ticket wait for train get on train sit in train get off at my destination
pack take lugage to station but a ticket check luggage get on train have ticket registered go for a ride
look up train times online find a ride to the station enter the train station find machines to buy tickets wait for train arrival enter train
walk to train statition queue up at ticket machine pick destination on machine place money into coin slot take ticket out of machine go to platform wait for train press button on train door get on train sit down read a paper or look out window pres button on door get off train leave station
walk to station queue up at ticket machine pick destination put money into coin slots take ticket from machine go to platform wait for train press button on train door get on train sit down read paper or look out window or play with phone arrive at destination get off train leave station
enter station purchase ticket find correct track enter train find seat provide ticket to conductor store baggage overhead
check schedule buy ticket wait for train board train give conductor ticket arrive at destination get off train
Go to train station. Buy ticket at booth. Wait may be necessary. Find your train and board. Store any luggage. Sit in seat. Ticket will be checked. Sit and wait for next stop. Long ride-find activity to do. Arrive at destination. Depart from train.
Plan the journey book ticket go to railway station look departure boards find platform follow sign to get to platform get on the train put luggage on overhead racks relax in seat stand near door press the buttons to open door get off the train
go to train station go to ticket window purchase ticket go to platform wait for train sit on bench notice train arriving approach platform edge board train find seat ride train arrive at destination disembark from train
