take off all your clothes adjust temperature to your liking scrub soap over your body wash ur arms and legs wash everywhere else rinse and dry off put clothes back on
Turn on lighs in the bathroom Get naked Turn on the water Get into the tub Wash my head wash the rest of the body Get off the tub Get dry
enter bathroom turn on shower set handle to correct temperature take off clothes enter shower use soap all over your body put shampoo on your hair rinse well put face scrub on wash cloth wash face with cloth rinse face put conditioner on hair repeat soaping body rinse well turn off shower dry off with towel
get in the bathroom turn on the shower adjust the position of shower use shampoo and soap wash the body wash the body come out of bathroom
Go in bathroom close door take clothes off turn water on get in when warm get wet get soapy rinse soap shampoo rinse shave if needed get out dry off get dressed
remove clothes turn on water feel for good temperature step into spray close door or curtain shampoo hair wash body with soap rinse off turn off water leave shower dry off
get undressed start water adjust water temperature step in shower close curtain or door wash hair wash body shave rinse shut off water
disrobe turn on the water get in draw the curtain apply soap apply shampoo rinse dry apply clothes
remove the clothes place clothes in hanger turn on the water check the temperature wet entire body wet the whole head clean the hair put bath soap on body scrub the body parts rinse the body in shower turn off the water exit the shower dry the body with towel dry the hair with dryer put clothes on
Get soap, shampoo ready. Get washcloth, sponge, etc. Turn on water. Turn on showerhead. Use showercap with no shampoo, Get in when water comfortable. Use cloth, etc. to scrub body. Clean certain parts last.. Scrub hands a little. Wash hair if desired. Get out of shower. Turn off water. Dry body and hair with towels.
take off close turn on water wait for hot water turn on shower get hair wet apply shampoo to hair shave face wash shampoo out of hair apply conditioner to hair wash body with soap wash conditioner out of hair turn off shower turn off water dry self with towel
take off clothes start water get into water rinse body soap body rinse off soap wash hair condition hair turn off water dry off body
turn on water adjust temperature shampoo and rinse conditioner bodywash wash face rinse turn off tap towel dry turn on exhaust fan put on clothes dry hair
turn on water get wet put shampoo on head wash and rinse hair put soap on washcloth wash face and neck more soap on washcloth wash everything else add soap to cloth as needed rinse turn off water retrieve towel dry off exit shower
turn on water remove clothing get into shower close curtain shampoo hair wash body rinse off lather turn off water dry off with towel exit shower
Go into the bathroom Turn on the shower Undress Get into the shower Rinse off Use soap to wash body Rinse off Use shampoo to wash hair Rinse Hair Step out of the shower
I turn on the warm water I take off my clothes I get in from the left side I water down I soap up I shave I rinse I wash my hair I get out and towel dry.
go to bathroom undress turn hot water on turn cold water on adjust for desired temperature get in. apply shampoo to hair rinse shampoo apply conditioner to hair rinse conditioner soap body with soap or gel rinse body well turn hot and cold water off step out dry off dress in clean clothing
go to bathroom remove clothes keep towel near open shower tap adjust to cold or hot water get shampoo and soap clean body with them close tap when you feel to dry self with towel
get in bathroom peeloff dresses open the shower get bath close the shower get dressed get off bathroom
turn on water turn on fan undress get in shower get wet shampoo your hair wash hair out condition hair wash body with soap wash face shave if necessary wash out hair turn water off wipe off excess water off self dry off with towel get dressed
