Light candles if desired.
Open the shower Open the shower
Go inside bathroom Proceed to Bathroom. Enter the bathroom Enter bath Go into bathroom and lock the door Go into bathroom Go to the bathroom step into bathroom
Lock the door from inside
Hang the clothes
Take towel Hang the towel on the hanger Gather towel and body wash Get towel and wash cloth ready and set to the side Gather soap, sponge, razor. grab a towel grab a wash cloth Gather towel and soaps, place them within reach of bathtub Gather towels and bubble bath Get towels and washclothes
Open the hot and cold water taps Run warm water Turn on water and adjust temperature. Turn on hot and cold faucets to preferred water temperature Run bath faucet. fill tub with warm water Start running the bath water Turn on water Turn on water in tub. Start running warm water Turn water on to designated temperature and let water fill up tub. Turn on bath faucet. Turn on water to fill the tub Run water turn on water in bathtub Turn water on in bath tub Turn on water draw warm water in bathtub Run water into the tub
Check the warmth of the water in the tub Adjust temperature of water by opening or closing hot tap Ensure water is not too hot or too cold. Adjust hot and cold water until desired warmth is reached Make sure the water is adjusted to your desired temperature. Adjust water to correct temperature. make sure water is the right temp Adjust to desired temperature
Close the bath tub water exit by the valve put drainplug in tub Place stopper in bathtub drain Put plug in drain. Plug the drain in the bottom of the bathtub Plug the tub Put stopper in tub. Close bath drain Put plug in bath tub. Place plug in bath tub drain Plug drain in tub
Let the tub fill upto 70% upto the tiny holes below the tap Fill tub to desired level.. run bath water until tub is full Fill bathtub to halfway point Wait for the bath to fill up Allow bathtub to fill about half way Fill the bath with water. Fill tub with water Let the tub fill with water at a comfortable temperature. Sit on toilet and wait for the tub to fill Wait until tub is to desired depth fill up bath tub
Turn off faucets and get into bathtub with wash cloth Stop running the water Turn off water Turn off water. Stop water When bath tub is full, turn off water
Pour bubble liquid soap Add bubbles put in some bubble bath Put in any bath salts or soap that you want Add soap to the bath. Pour soap near running water Add bubble bath, bath salts, or oils if desired. Pour in the bubble bath put in bubble bath if you want Add bath bubbles if needed
Take out clothes Get undressed Undress. Remove the dress, put it in the laundry bag As water fills, undress. take off clothes Take off clothes Get undressed and get into bathtub Get undressed Take off clothes. Undress Undress. Get undressed get undressed Take clothes off Remove the dress remove all your clothing Undress and get in the tub take off clothes
Step inside the bath tub Get in tub Get into bathtub. get in bathtub Step into tub. get in tub and scrub your self Get inside the bath Lower yourself into the bath tub. Enter tub Step into tub. Get into bath tub Get into tub. Get into the tub. Slowly slide into the tub and lean back Get into bath get into bath Get into bath tub Get in bathtub lower yourself into the water step into bath tub
Rinse off rinse off Open the overhead shower rinse the body fully Take shower for the whole body Use hand shower for under arms and foot Rinse with bath water Turn on shower to rinse off Get under the shower rinse yourself by taking water from the bath and pouring it over yourself
Enjoy the bath Soak in tub Relax and clean yourself. lay back and relax Lay back and relax. Sit in the bath and just soak and relax for a while Take a bath Enjoy water. Relax Relax. Soak as long as you like. Lay in tub to relax relax Soak in bath tub bath
Lather with soap Apply shampoo to the head, lather thoroghly Apply soap to the whole body and rub with sponge Apply the soap grab soap
sit up and clean self with bodywash Wash the head fully Use soap and wash cloth to scrub body Wash body. Wash yourself with soap Wash self Wash your body and shampoo your hair. Wash body and hair. Wash hair and body Wash your body Wash self wash body with soap Use soap to wash body Wash your body Clean the body use a washcloth and bar of soap to scrub all of your skin Wash with washcloth
Shampoo your hair if necessary
stand up
Drain water Drain tub. pull drainplug and let water out of tub Remove stopper from drain Drain tub. Drain tub Drain the bath tub. Unplug the stopper to drain water. Pull the drain plug Drain water drain water from tub Unplug bath tub drain drain bathtub Let water out of the tub
When come out of tub carefully Get out Get out of tub and dry yourself. stand up and exit tub Step out of bathtub Get out and drain the bath rub Get out of the bath tub. Get out of tub. Get out and towel off. Get out of tub Get out of bath get out of tub Get out of bath tub When clean get of out tub and dry with towel get out of tub
grab a towel
Wipe body with towel Dry off with towel dry self off with towels Dry off with towel Dry off. Dry off with a towel Dry off Dry yourself off with a towel. Dry off with towel. Dry off Dry off dry off Use towel to dry off dry yourself with the towel towel dry
Stop the shower Close the shower
Get dressed. Wrap-up with a bath robe Dress. Get dressed Put on robe Get dressed Get dressed put clothes on
Clean out tub
come out of the bath room Walk out of bathroom Leave the bathroom
